Goals
=====

 - Type safety
 - Ease of use

 - Prevent bad code

Syntax
======
Basics
------
Comments are started using the `#` sign. Block comments can be done using
`#>` and `#<`

Lines (or sentences) end with `;` unless they end with a block like `{}` or `[]`

Variables are defined using `let <Type> <name> = <value>`. If the type of the value can be 
guessed, the type can be omitted

A value can be assigned to a variable using `name = value` 

Operators
---------
Basic operators include:
 * Arithmetic operators `+` `-` `*` `/` `^`
 * Comparison operators `<` `<=` `>=` `>` `==` `!=`
 * Logic operators `&` `|` `!`

Operators are overloadable

Functions
---------
Functions are defined as `def [return-type] <name>(<type1> <var1>...) {function code}`
Values are returned using the `return` keyword. Types must be specified but the return type
can be omitted if the function does not return

No code is allowed outside functions. A `main()` function will be run if it exists otherwise
the code will do nothing and an error will be reported.

Conditionals and loops
----------------------
A condition is a boolean value. The condition operator can also be overloaded for types to make things like
```
List<sometype> a;
if a #if a is not empty
```

If statements are started using the `if` keyword. Brackets are optional. The chain can continue using
`else` or `elseif`.

While loops are defined using the `while` keyword.

For loops can either be simple fori loops or foreach loops. Fori loops look like this
```
for <var> is <start> to <end> step [amount to step] {}
```
while foreach loops look like this:
```
foreach <var> in <container> {}
```
The type of var can be omitted because it is known from the container

Structs and types
-----------------

The language contains some basic types:
###Basic types
 - `Number` Used to represent a number that can either be an integer or some sort of fractional number
 - `String` Represents a string of characters. No 'char' type becausue string can do that job

###Container types
 - `list` A list of the specified type. Works like vector in rust or c++
 - `dictionary` Just like a python dictionary

User defined types can be created using the type keyword. 

```
type <name>
{
    [public:]
    [type1] [var1]
    [type2] [var2]
    ...
    [private:]
}
```

Functions for types can be implemented for a type using an implement block. 
```
implement for <typename>
{
    [regular function declarations]
}
```
Implemented functions can be called like most OOP languages by `instance.member`. Same with public variables

*Private members might possibly get autogenerated getters and setters. Though this might cause a few issues. A keyword
would probably be required to prevent the generation of them.*

Implementation
--------------

